Release ReactOS 0.4.13 (#54)
reactos/web-content: content/project-news/reactos-0413-released.md

{{< figure link="/img/project-news/reactos-0413-released/banner.png" src="/img/project-news/reactos-0413-released/banner.png" >}}

# USB Improvements
USB (Universal Serial Bus) is an important standard adopted throughout the industry and used widely on many devices such as external storage, keyboards, mice, and various other devices.
Notably, there are a great number of computers that do not come with a CD-ROM drive these days, with the only option being USB in order to boot or install an operating system.
The USB stack itself is arguably a very complicated one, the code to support it is complex, and maintaining it is not an easy task.
ReactOS currently lags behind an advanced USB implementation as various bugs and regressions still plague the system.
Despite this, many people have worked hard and contributed code to improve USB functionality in ReactOS.

Vadim Galyant and Victor Perevertkin have brought in a new USB stack which provides many fixes as well as improvements to various areas, improving USB support in general.

> Although there is a long journey ahead towards an advanced and perfectly functional USB stack within ReactOS, the new module is a further step towards usable and working USB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although there is a long journey ahead towards an advanced and perfectly functional USB stack within ReactOS, the new module already supports HID and storage devices.
```

FreeLoader (the ReactOS bootloader) has to do a lot of stuff in order to get ReactOS ready for boot, but unfortunately it was doing this in an unoptimized way.
In this release, Victor Perevertkin did a great job optimizing the FAT driver of FreeLoader, significantly improving the boot speed when using this filesystem.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEsNzuXzcHQ" target="_blank"><img src="/img/project-news/reactos-0413-released/freeldr-boot-video.jpg" alt="ReactOS: boot with a speed of light video"></a>

# Accessibility
In the area of accessibility in ReactOS, new software was introduced - the Accessibility Utility Manager.
Developed by ReactOS contributor Bișoc George, the Accessibility Utility Manager, as the name implies, manages the accessibility applications of ReactOS.
The following screenshot shows the program in operation:

{{< figure link="/img/project-news/reactos-0413-released/accessibility.png" src="/img/project-news/reactos-0413-released/accessibility.png" >}}

Similarly, the On-Screen Keyboard has seen some improvements to theming support and there have been some additional features and minor bug fixes in the Magnifier.

# Font Management

> Contributor Katayama Hirofumi has continued his work to bring ReactOS’ font support closer to that of Windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developer Katayama Hirofumi has continued his work to bring ReactOS’ font support closer to that of Windows.
```
